Currently, this drug is harmless to you
But after the toxins in your body decompose
it’s best to stop the medication immediately
Otherwise
It will cause serious damage to your body
Xiao Yuan
Meet at the usual place
Jian Dao
Zhang Wen Xu
has already started transferring assets
This is just part of the evidence
On his computer
there are many more unknown secrets
What do you plan to do next?
I was just informed by the hospital
The drug that Zhang Wen Xu gave me
has the potential to cause strong hallucinations in normal people
It can make people show signs of mental illness
in a short period of time
When I think about what he has done to me
It scares me
Jian Dao, what else can I do to help you?
This
These are the shareholders who are considering selling their shares that I’ve noted
Start with them
Buy the Jian An shares in their hands
Don’t worry, leave this to me
Be careful when dealing with Zhang Wen Xu